The final election program for ANON CITY The final election program for ANON CITY Support ANON CITYer Wirtschaften!
ANON CITYer Wirtschaften are system-relevant.
Without Wirtschaften, no Stammtisch, without Stammtisch, no politics, without politics, no democracy.
And above all: Without Wirtschaften, no beer.
And where there is beer, there is home.
And above all: Without Wirtschaften, no beer.
And where there is beer, there is home.
But not only that: Now, where the legalization of cannabis has finally become a reality, the Wirtschaften must also be allowed to catch up.
Because those who smoke pot need a Döner.
Or is, the economies must also be allowed to follow suit.
Because anyone who smokes pot needs a doner kebab.
Or falafel.
Even at 3 a.m.
So enough with restrictions on noise or falafel.
Even at 3 a.m.
So enough with restrictions on noise or the smell of ANON CITY's economy!
If the economy is promoted, it should not be forced to accept such regulations.
As a first step, we promise, Die P ARTEI, to invest the majority of our expense allowance in ANON CITY's pubs in beer.
In addition, everyone should invest their expenses in ANON CITY pubs in beer.
In addition, every empty Vodafone shop should be converted into a pub or a doner kebab shop in the future.
Prost!
Make fare dodging affordable!
Mobility is a basic right - not just for those with a semester ticket or a parent taxi.
And anyone who cannot afford a bus and train ticket should at least be able to travel illegally cheaply!
Therefore we, Die P ARTEI, demand that the fine be capped at a maximum of 6 empty returnable bottles!
In addition, a free fare dodging subscription should be introduced, which is issued together with a Groucho mask, a wig and an excuse guide.
It's time that the dignity of fare dodging was finally recognised as an urban cultural asset.
It's time that the dignity of fare dodging was finally recognised as an urban cultural asset.
The ANON CITY Order Department!
The ANON CITY Order Department!
The ANON CITY Order Department has a clear educational mission: It teaches that you must not lie on a bench, listen to loud music or drink beer.
It teaches that you must not lie on a bench, listen to loud music or drink beer - unless you do it in a 400 euro festival area with a plastic fence or on one of the drinking and eating festivals in the city.
That has to stop!
That has to stop!
So that these municipal employees do not simply become directly unemployed, we, The Party, suggest that the Order Department be set up.
This could, for example, hang up traffic signs incorrectly, sort waste into the wrong collection containers, paint over approved graffiti and park bicycles in car parking spaces, in order to keep the Order Department busy in the future.
ANON CITY must become more disorderly!
ANON CITY must become more disorderly!
Something with AI We can do that, the P ARTEI ANON CITY, too!
Everyone is demanding something with AI.
We can do that, the P ARTEI ANON CITY, too!
We are therefore demanding quite clearly: Something with AI and so for ANON CITY!
Therefore quite clearly: Something with AI and so for ANON CITY!
Regularly denazify ANON CITY!
Regularly denazify ANON CITY!
ANON CITY should be as colourful as we are grey.
Therefore we demand: Regularly denazify ANON CITY!
In addition to a compulsory uniform in rainbow colours for all council members, the document.getElemen